Metadata publication notifications / allow to configure the mail format (#8497)
geonetwork/core-geonetwork: docs/manual/docs/administrator-guide/configuring-the-catalog/system-configuration.md

-   When a file uploaded with a metadata record is downloaded and notify privilege is selected.

This section configure the mail server to use.

-   **Email** This is the administrator's email address used to send feedback.
-   **SMTP host** The mail server name or IP address to use for sending emails.
-   **SMTP port** The SMTP port.
-   **Use SSL** Enable Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) mode
-   **User name** Username if connection is required on the SMTP server
-   **Password** Username password if connection is required on the SMTP server
-   **Use TLS** Enable use of Transport Layer Security (TLS) 

![](img/feedback-email.png)

Additional settings are available to respect user language preference:

-  **Language for system generated emails** The ui language will be used when sending notification emails by default. To To override this behaviour and generate a multi-lingual notification email list the langauges to be used.

-  **Translation follows text** Provide an introduction phrase indicating a multi-lingual notification follows.

![](img/feedback-multilingual.png)

!!! note
    

>     Email notifications are sent as `text/html` messages, this can be changed using ```WEB-INF/config.properties``` configuration:

Author: @jodygarnett this setting only affects the mails for metadata publication.
```suggestion
    Email notifications for metadata publication are sent as `text/html` messages, this can be changed using ```WEB-INF/config.properties``` configuration:
```

Reviewer: Is this setting only for metadata publication emails?
